hello to all a few months ago the
peugeot 308 challenge for the first time
the golf volkswagen on caradisiac and
it was the French who had
reported today secondly I
the break version
is Germany going to take its
revenge on the French we will see that
today with cailliot manual so
manual one is interested in the novelty of
this peugeot 308 sw
that's it they come up with version
backpack for families that's not it
other surprise she takes the face
front of the sedan with her
overall we will say a look rather
nice a nice look more fun
that the older generation that had a
back pretty ugly we'll say
to be nice is actually
classic lines like golf
obviously but still a profile
very long to stretch
I find it rather pretty yes it is
clearly more humane it is a
generation even more beautiful than the
golf that has its public cubic building
it is more classic
that's fine and it's true that the
308 brings a touch
originality that was not the rod the
normal but we are interested now
the dimensions of our break
and as many say it right away they have
grown up they grew up well as you
can see it is particularly seen
on the profiles the 308 with which I
I came so enlarged it by 33 cm
since it now measures four
meters 50 8 against 4 m 25 for the
sedan is what you should also note
it's that its wheelbase enlarged the eu
11 cm also for the benefit of
habitability for passengers
back which is pretty good because
that in the sedan
it lacked a little bit of room even
finding for golf that measure
now 4 m 56 it's 35 10 meters from
more than the sedan
and as much to say it right now we pass
almost to higher categories 1
of cinema this gift manual we are interested
now to something primordial
for brics the load volume
and as much to say it right now she is
score at the pants he says at 5.8 from
difference I'm sitting 110 liters
and you at 605 here is something like
that and all seats folded when we
had the bench we are already a
flat floor what comes and one has a thousand
six hundred and sixty liters debate I put
six years goes liters so that's
relatively very very right when I
the gotta
and we are not far from
record of the category that is held on
recalls it by the honda civic work at
624 liters
welcome aboard this golf sw as much the
to say right away it's the same
dashboards that the sedan is
well assembled it's serious not super
fun the positive side also there are
a lot of storage at the level of
undercuts under the center console
between the two seats
so that's fine for a vehicle to
family destination
we are now interested in the level of
the livability back and frankly
it's not bad at all it's not in the
reference to category but back
we are comfortable but golf and was
already well- equipped sedan at this level
there the 308
she enjoys her wheelbase
lengthened to give more space to
rear passengers
but she loses
the old generation the possibility
to move forward to move back the seats that
were independent today
now we have a bench and she
also loses the opportunity to have the
two emergency places in the body
in the cockpit of this 308 sw on
find this new ea cockpit
imagined by peugeot with as in the
208 the counters above the small
flying with improved readability
because they now have a little more
up and have they are not hidden by the
rim of the steering wheel that's pretty good
a very sober atmosphere also everything
black a little bit little bit sad
also and an ergonomics that is not
necessarily as good as in golf
because everything is grouped together in this
7-inch touch pad that's here
including air conditioning and
2002 multimedia and it forces to pass
by the tablet to activate change the
temperature and iv the functions and its
bomba that's one more step and that's
not necessarily a good thing by
relation to golf which she a button a
function is easy during the side
positive it's still this roof
panoramic glass specialty
disengage from peugeot
that brings a real little in terms of
brightness
then the rod that we have today
these are the drawings of the players
brand new authors designed by volkswagen
of course then private engine has clearly
says and comfort claims them as
to be the most sober of the golf range
was not hyper dynamic engine that
do well what we have to do is very
we will say basic as authorization
it's a lot less sound it was
before all this is really a plus
we still hear it a little bit
not let me see what you just
the hour that in the 308 it is really
very discreet, but overall
we will say it's not hyper golf
aggressive hyperdynamic why because
that there is no adaptive chassis
that there may be on this version
does not have a job at this risk of being
specific rear
so it's really a basic golf
will say so it's a strong comfort
see so that's good behavior but
not the most dynamic of the century
nor the most friends we can see on
the nails and at the level of the
olive consumption tournay or with this
mill then I'm doing about 200 500
6 so it's not bad of course but
it's not really optional either
so olive this 308 sw she is endowed
today duality this blush of 120 which
has a brand new engine him also
inaugurated in the psa group
many couples on this engine 380 m
against 250 I believe your mouth you are you
do one that was a little bit light
I found there instead we only have
stay
since they are excellent
performances that are clearly at
above that of golf with
horses more is not it
necessarily amazing and then I go out
do not know how you feel by the 308
but I think that peugeot has succeeded
an excellent compromise between the
dynamism of driving more access to
little flying I love to drive to
308 and the comfort that is to say that the
suspensions they take no roll
but they absorb the inequalities of
the road absolutely amazing way
the asses are passed we feel them
absolutely not almost not and I find
that it's very very nice so at
level of driving
for me the 308 is above the
mouth or eric lardeur clearly
once again easy victory of
the a380 for the left including the side
of eric and olive well you arrived with a
desire for revenge with this golf sw I
believe it's once again a blow
in the water unfortunately but
clearly it's really missed why
because this 308 sw is more successful
aesthetically the golf she is more
dynamic
they make equal play both at the level of
practical aspects loading volume
is included against the 308 sw a
weight argument
its price since it is cheaper
is cheaper on average
roughly 2 500 euros compared to the
golf seen from above
easy victory verdict of the 308 sw